Release v2.20260207.0 (#5621)
omarroth/invidious: CHANGELOG.md

### New features & important changes
#### For Users
  - Livestream experiences are restored: Trending shows livestreams again, the gaming feed remains accessible, and "Watch on YouTube" links stop carrying stale timestamps (#5480, #5555, #5481)
  - Channel and playlist metadata is richer thanks to pronoun support, topic playlist thumbnails, and accurate related video counts (#5617, #5616, #5446)
  - Downloads get smoother because download actions are URL-safe and downloads can flow through Invidious companion when available (#5367, #5561)
  - Users see clearer feedback with Erroneous CAPTCHA messages, DMCA controls restored, and a footer link pointing at the current release (#5508, #5228, #4702)

#### For instance owners

>   - Companion integration is sturdier: CSP is generated once, check identifiers persist, unwanted headers are stripped, and the helper hyperlink is fixed (#5497, #5575, #5595, #5491)

Reviewer: #5595 is not related to Companion, it was an intended fix for proxied images that also apply to Invidious videoplayback proxy since they share the same list of headers to strip.

>   - Runtime and packaging updates pin docker/OCI builds to Crystal 1.16.3, bring an optional Crystal 1.8.2 + Alpine 3.23 image, and compile OpenSSL directly (#5604, #5577, #5574, #5441)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Runtime and packaging updates pin docker/OCI builds to Crystal 1.16.3, bring an optional Crystal 1.18.2 + Alpine 3.23 image, and compile OpenSSL directly to solve a memory leak related to the OpenSSL alpine package (#5604, #5577, #5574, #5441)
```

Is not `1.8.2`, is `1.18.2`.

Also point out why we now compile OpenSSL ourselves instead of using the alpine one.

  - Configuration docs saw polish with unix socket instructions, refreshed HTTP proxy comments, and corrected README commands (#5347, #5586, #5607)

>   - Server stability improves via a larger `max_request_line_size` and a rewritten static file handler (#5566, #5338)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Server stability improves via a larger `max_request_line_size` that is required to be able to access some next pages of Youtube channels videos and a rewritten static file handler (#5566, #5338)
```

  - Crystal API updates replaced the deprecated `Socket#blocking` property and restored the shard target plus SPDX license metadata (#5538, #5608, #5552)
  - CI/tooling stayed current with newer GitHub Actions, install-crystal releases, and cache/checkout bumps (#5569, #5544, #5530, #5499)

### Bugs fixed
#### User-side
  - Playlist importer edge cases, playlist API author URLs, and channel continuation tokens now handle empty values without crashing (#4787, #5618, #5614)
  - Thin mode community posts, posts that reference unavailable videos, and DMCA content toggles work again (#5567, #5549, #5228)
  - UI cleanups prevent channel name/button overflow, show explicit Erroneous CAPTCHA errors, and keep livestream timestamps clean (#5553, #5452, #5508, #5481)
  - Trending feeds and related video counts regained accuracy alongside livestream/gaming categories (#5555, #5480, #5446)

#### For instance owners
  - Companion downloads, CSP reuse, and check id generation behave predictably even under load (#5561, #5497, #5575)
  - Proxy responses drop stray headers and HTTP proxy examples in the config were clarified (#5595, #5586)

>   - Docker/OCI builds were pinned to stable Crystal releases with OpenSSL bundled to avoid runtime surprises (#5604, #5577, #5441)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Docker/OCI builds were pinned to stable Crystal releases with OpenSSL bundled to avoid memory leaks (#5604, #5577, #5441)
```
